Version 3.7.4 (#153)
backtrace-labs/backtrace-unity: CHANGELOG.md

# Backtrace Unity Release Notes

## Version 3.7.4
Bugfixes

> - Updated backtrace native libraries on Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updates native libraries for Windows.
```

> - Removed native support for x86 games on Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removes native support for x86 games on Windows.
```

> - Background thread exception handler on Android improvements - allow to capture managed crashes and forward exception information to other exceptions handlers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improves the background thread exception handler on Android, which allows you to capture managed crashes and forward exception information to other exceptions handlers.
```

> - Fixed a problem with invalid database path when database path in the configuration file ends with `/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Handles database paths in the configuration file that end with trailing slashes (“/”).
```
